hello welcome to another book have you
all doing well
I am currently walking to my Saturday
morning lectures and I haven't actually
groans sniffs sick of the snow so much
like I used to enjoy it now it's just
really annoying it's freezing cold and
it's just nice not to be back on my bike
again I won't be in the Sun it's much
like come on
but anyway Saturday morning lectures it
is looking for to brunch and I've got
boot Club dinner this evening so today
should be a good day I do have some work
to get done in between I want to really
sort my maths out because I mean I'm
going to a math lecture now and feeling
a bit unsure on some of the stuff so I
need to brush up a bit on that today and
get started on a essay the earth
sciences I think so that should be fun
later let's go
there is now water in my shoe I repeat
there is now water in my shoe
physics lecture we've been doing a bit
of special relativity at the moment it's
not too bad actually I'm quite enjoying
it brunch brunch brunch the highlight of
my week of course I went for waffles
toast bacon egg you name it
hey hey so I've decided to hibernate in
my room now because basically it's so
cold outside so yeah I'm gonna start on
my essay for this week which is outline
the physics of sediment entrainment
transport and deposition in a
unidirectional fluid flow what
sedimentary structures might distinguish
water they'd from windblown deposits at
the minute I'm redoing a hand and answer
that but I'm gonna look over this a
little lecture notes we're gonna we're
gonna put few things together it's gonna
come out well we'll do a bit of a plan
beforehand maybe draw a few pretty
diagrams should be good
yeah it's jus it's due Monday morning
and it's only it's midday Saturday I
mean to be fair oh it's morning o'clock
actually that's gone quick it's cuz
let's just take time out of my morning
on Saturday so we're basically just
kicking off the new dance season this
afternoon with the practice 2:30 to 4:30
but because my bike is broken and it's
in West Cambridge which is a 40-minute
walk which there is no way I'm walking
40 minutes in that weather like no way
so I'm gonna at the bus there but that
means it will be ready like that earlier
than usual I'm gonna do like a half an
hour maybe just under half an hour or
just planning with Si so I plan my FA on
my laptop because it's just so much
easier to undo typing when you want to
change things but I actually write the
essay out by hand because it's mimicking
it sound conditions as closely as
possible
now these darts use might look pretty
but I'm telling you they rub your toes
so much so I've just finished my dance
class and now I found the bus stops over
there I'm trying to return to Jesus now
right it's a big road okay let's crops
carefully creepers crate right but
basically the bus system is managed to
make it on the way there
although I asked the bus drivers hurt
that I've returned to get Oliver and my
hearings need to know what he was doing
so who knows have actually been given
the right ticket but I'm gonna try
so I'm looking for the city full
like as well it's Bennett walking to the
bus stop already should have just done
the whole wall that was that supported
five minutes so probably wise not to be
out there I'm actually frozen butt darts
good good was this a earth city for you
please can take one turn up in the next
one minute because I'm frozen I forgot
my gloves so my hands are literally
freezing off frostbite is a genuine
concern right now yeah here we go
wish me luck
so the other exciting news of the day
which I thought I tie you since we're
stuck at the bus stop for the Samba
future is that I got a crush Bridge
today it's like Facebook page where I
like like everyone it came with you'll
send in like anonymous messages to
it's a bit of fun ready but today there
was one 2py at Jesus and was like hey I
fit the criteria for that so
[Applause]
clicks pasted about that got an admirer
it guys got admirer
yeah tonight I was exciting I seen all
of us clubbing
it's not mine
just want to get home spending longer at
the bus stop I could walk get this right
it's freezing cold well at least the
snow look at the size announcer if you
like crossing much snow hallelujah it is
thawing
presenting a baked bitter chocolate
cheesecake which was the dessert at boat
club dinner
very tasty hey hey sir I just got back
from boat club dinner it was really fun
I think now we're gonna head off to J
bar so I had just come back to my room
do you have a quickly break and some
flats on because the heels get painful
after a while and I've already had
enough time in heels today while dancing
so yeah Dru Bora is let's go later on
that evening we went to save our friend
who had been deemed as too drunk to go
out by others but we felt he was up for
a good party
and the mission commences don't wake up
Astrid
although we may not have remained
undercover we were successful and headed
off straight to spoons
[Music]
oh so I am back from dangerous Vince it
was a great time it was really fun
because um all the botys were there who
were at the bit club dinner and also
just my fresher friends with our as well
that's pretty good those people I knew
great music great dancing and then we
just left and got cheesy chips
afterwards which is always the best way
to end a night out and now I'm back it's
a great night to go out actually a
Saturday night don't have lectures
tomorrow however I do have a rowing
outing at 11:00 and at this point I
decided it was clearly a wonderful idea
to tell everyone my life story and I
talked and talked so I'll spare you the
pain and skip through this I love being
in this room because I can turn the
heating up really high and it's actually
freezing outside very insightful stuff
Paige very insightful
see you at some point soon hopefully
less tired hopefully having written my
essay or in the process of writing my
say that'd be good future page write
your essay so a little update it is
Sunday morning and so I got up at like
early like 9:00 half 9:00 yeah and
that's early when I wasn't in bed until
4:30 yeah and then the message at 10
o'clock after I've got up yeah it's been
like about the rowing outings cancelled
and I was like oh my god it's gonna burn
nothing so yeah I've been up I've been
up walking now
well ish walking ish kind of not working
at all really just chillin I've got a
couple of sentences so far of my I say
so it's going well I need to make sure I
do have my physics in because it's been
sitting here waiting to be handed in and
then nothing lasts and getting your work
done and I can't hand in don't do that I
haven't I don't think I've done that yet
with narrowly avoided it I realized like
2 minutes to spare and have to sprint
down to hand it in but so far I haven't
actually missed that any deadlines
sounds good
and guess who forgot to hand in their
physics work I definitely jinxed that
one you get this essay done it's a plan
hello
so I think it's been a week since I've
last spoke to you I'm sorry about that I
haven't had the best week so we took
some time out of logging but we are back
to it
it is Sunday of course and today I've
just got lots of work to do it's Tom
finishes on Wednesday just coming so so
much to get done
I've got earlier deadline to of myseif
revisions have been pushed forwards so
that I get it all done before the end of
term and yeah I'm supposed to have a
roaming outing I think but well that'll
happen I don't know if we're supposed to
be wearing race next week but it's just
all a mess I need to reorganize a super
if that's the case and I love it I just
want to go shopping
okay I've got this thing I've written
with a clothes shopping I wasn't flying
doing that like I just need to go
clothes shopping because makes me happy
so I might go today maybe see how the
work gets done
I've got physics to do I'm planning to
get that done quickly and then I've got
an earth sciences essay to write but
I've been set to do it under exam
conditions and because you're supposed
to spend 35 minutes on an essay an exam
it's gonna take me like what an hour ah
spend 25 minutes revising the stuff and
then 35 minutes writing it so that'll be
done quick so it's always set aside an
outlet this evening to do that that
should be fine and of course I'm going
to Nando's this evening with my friends
because we are celebrating the fact that
we have chosen our room to the next year
we are all together in the same
staircase next year and it's gonna be
really fun so yeah then they should be
good this evening I'm gonna get off my
work now and I did manage to find some
time for shopping I didn't actually get
this jumper but I've got a cardigan and
that satisfies my craving
[Music]
hello so we've come on a group trip to
Lando's and yeah this is our new
staircase through for next year so it's
bonding time being both mastered
my go-to order is chicken pizza and
chips mango and lime is spicy enough for
me okay guys are enjoying their
community sticks
get one and then eat it in the middle
and here I'm just finishing up some
super work I had to print out a few
drafts in the library on my full
four-piece attempt I was finally
successful at printing out my graph but
it took a while I'm not gonna lie to you
Tech is really not my thing
I swear the library printers
are so confusing that took so much
longer that should have but yeah I
finally printed out my super work I
really got one piece of super work to go
now so it's all good
and go and hand it in such a good mood
today because so I just wasted a good
half hour trying to make the printers
work it's all good though I'm gonna get
on with maps now I was like I'm us we're
done I'm literally I'm done with my set
work I've just got the contact hours
left I'm finished I'm nearly at the end
of turn yay this afternoon let's talk of
us going hunting maybe that could be
quite fun cuz I haven't been yet and
it's like the classic thing you're doing
Cambridge right so every quite fun a big
Rufus did that but we'll see we'll see I
also need to get my math work done
before that it's not due till tomorrow
evening but it'd just be nice to get
done because everyone else is reaching
the point where they finished all the
work for term and I don't want to be the
last one going so yeah I'm gonna get
this maths book done now I've got a
super slightly earlier today at one
o'clock which is difficult because I'm
doing for lunch it's an awkward time it
is at lunchtime we're gonna have an
early lunch or a late lunch dinner which
CAF is of course opened over that time
so I can't go CAF so it's looking like
spaghetti hoops at the minute because
that is literally the only food I've got
left in Kampala to go buy more
Braddock's I'm going home this week
I just can't build to go buy more food
because I'm going home but in a few days
time it's tricky it's tricky so a group
of us hired a punch for an hour it was
so
trickier than it looks I mean by the end
of the time I did almost managed to go
in a straight line I mean of course I'm
a professional punter you can see here
on a side note asking for a friend of
course if anyone has any tips on punting
please let me know down below it would
be great used to them I'm sure they
would really appreciate it it was
actually a really fun afternoon and I
witnessed the Coolidge proposal two of
my friends book college merit which is
very exciting
a group of us went out that evening and
we had a really fun time as always
[Applause]
[Music]
so here we are you and welcome back to
pages rambles my lipstick as you can see
has kinda come off for the night oh well
Biddy why today's not too bad tonight I
could be over eyeliner going on all that
lines not great what happened that okay
we're gonna make em all that anyway 9:00
a.m. tomorrow but it is my last 9 a.m.
on this time so it turns out I like a
good Nutter after a night out you learn
something new about yourself every day
could take my mass with me to the earth
department oh you just thought it was an
excellent idea
I don't want to leave I love it here
I like here a lot I don't miss everyone
so much holidays but I did get one thing
right
I do miss everyone a lot they say I'm
just saying off to my last lecture on
Wednesday morning running late so I'm
gonna go quickly should be good this
lovely sunny morning it's great end of
term so I've just had my final lecture
done and now I'm heading back to college
it's got a super Oh today I'm done I'll
go get my maths work done before 7:00
but we shouldn't do that it's fine
oh just simply stir it so excited we
just had a talk on our field trip which
I'm going on in the Easter holidays with
earth scientists I've been really good
just going for my last CAF first dinner
[Music]
we're nearly there nearly there
guess who just handed in the last piece
of super buck me I'm free I'm free I'm
free
well I'm not exactly four I've got a
super to more but apart from that I'm
pretty much free I love my life I love
my life this work what this is what do
we have
I don't know what to do with myself I've
got no one to do what strange universe
am I in I say I've got know what to do
I've got a ton of revision to do that
listener needs this time of the day
after I get home for the holiday but
whatever ignoring that oh this is gonna
be great
supposed to go out and see thing um
don't know if I can go every night this
week it's just too much it's too much
too much we'll see I'm gonna have my
food I've just got this because I had a
roast for lunch okay for dinner yeah to
do of myself what to do myself hello so
it is on Wednesday evening and I am
tonight and yeah it should be good
because basically times over
I've done all my work no more what to do
now this term I have got a supervision
tomorrow but it's an hour long I began
with the questions I've already done
it's amazing I feel like freedom has
arrived
I'm literally so excited it should be a
really good night out tonight okay I've
got to get up early tomorrow morning
because I've got a guess guess guess
what guess what guess what I've got a
rowing race yes I have and I'm rowing
it's gonna be a boat of courses so it's
gonna be really interesting because none
of us actually know how to row it's
gonna be really fun as well it's just a
fun race to do nice end of term thing
yeah
I'm just gonna enjoy my last few days
here cuz I really do love Cambridge I'm
gonna miss being in Cambridge over the
holiday it's so much it's just I love it
here I just I'm going to miss the people
here I'm gonna miss the place I'm just
gonna miss my room I'm gonna miss
everything when I go so I'm really gonna
make the most of it while I'm still here
having a blast and yeah
[Music]
so they played high school musical music
and I loved it
[Music]
so I just got back from Cindy's and here
we have the final installment of pages
late night rambles I've concluded that I
basically like empty clubs clubs are not
busy so much nicer she speaks the truth
I still have a bruise on my knee from
that night and when I got kicked pat got
a lot fun and here the clock says of
Jesus College Boat Club take on rowing
and look where I am in bow position very
important place to be
so our Cox's boat just won a race what
say what say what I'm like a proper
rower so I don't even know how he
managed to win that I had to leave them
as I've got a super I say someone has
switched with into the boat to carry on
to second round with them but um well I
thought that was so much fun oh my god
my arms ached so much and I knew that's
wrong because I know you're supposed to
be driving with the legs because I know
I know all the technicals and whatnot
because macaques and oh my god like I'm
the Westborough but that was so much fun
we won we won
I don't even care what happens now we
won the first race that's amazing
yay now last see Perth town today it's
gonna be a good day guys today is gonna
be a good day so I can't actually
remember and a way to my CP room it's
not usually here is a lot easier to
navigate when it's light though last
time I was here was dark and I have made
it with five whole minutes to spare me
so on Thursday evening a group of us
went over to crisis for a formal it was
pretty pleasant actually
i raided the food the company was great
it's hat formals we often play a game
called penny where he put a penny in
someone's glass they have to down it
will was unlucky on that front and also
we have a game good 5 penny if you put a
5 penny on summers desert they have to
eat it with no hand will was also
unlucky on that front
it's so common and we headed off out for
fun night clubbing term afterwards
[Music]
hey hey so is the last full day here
this time it is Friday people are
heading off now actually there's lots of
cars in the car park I can see out there
um my mission today is to get this room
packed up I used to go do laundry so so
I don't take I hope my mom's told me she
doesn't have much time for laundry so I
get as much done like today yeah
chill day chill day had a chill morning
I'm just tired I had sleep deprived I'm
having an early night tonight yeah it'll
be yeah it'll be geared gotta get this
stuff daddy go get this place tiny so
sad I have to pack up that's quite sad
hello so my room is all packed up quite
sad to be leaving this term or ally but
only six weeks until I'm back so it's
all good it's taking ages to pack up but
we got there
goodbye Cambridge hopefully it's not
gonna be snowing at home because it's
been I see this morning very snowy but
yeah thanks for watching like if you
enjoyed and subscribe and I'll see you
next time
you
[Music]